Remove Azure functions documentation (#78)
Health-Informatics-UoN/carrot: website/src/pages/mapper/dev_guide/quickstart.mdx

> _Optional:_ There is another services (Azure-related) can be used in Carrot. To active these services, run the command below instead to at step 4 - [Warm up](#warm-up) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Optional:_ There is another service, which is Azurite storage, that can be used in Carrot Mapper. To activate this service, run the command below instead to at step 4 - [Warm up](#warm-up) 
```

```bash copy

> STORAGE_TYPE=azure docker compose --profile azure up -d

Author: So given we keep Azure in the compose, we should keep this optional piece for future developers guidance?

> STORAGE_TYPE=azure docker compose --profile azure up -d

Reviewer: yeah, absolutely.
